# Program Design Document
For my Advanced Placement Computer Science A Class Final, I will be creating, making, and programming an incremental idle game, such as the likes of "Cookie Clicker," a webgame made by Ian Bogost, which offers thousands of hours of gameplay off clicking a cookie, and "Grass cutting incremental," a game on Roblox which involves cutting grass by moving a character around on a field to collect grass, and also offers thousands of hours of gameplay, which again, relies off a very simple premise. The name of my game is "Brian Hitter". My game will will involve inputing strings of text to hit a Brian. The longer the input, the more hits are gained. In the game, you will be able to buy multiple upgrades, which will allow you to progress further through the game. When starting the game, progress will be slow, as you have nothing to help you hit faster, or gain more hits. For certain upgrades, you would be able to buy multiple of the same upgrade, up to a fixed amount. The more of the same upgrade you buy, the more the upgrade will cost, but it will not affect the cost of other upgrades. Upgrades will be bought by typing in "shop" with your keyboard, which will open a shop and allow the player to buy upgrades, by pressing keys, which will correspond to different upgrades. The game works with a while loop, which always checks for an input by the user. If there is an input, then the string is checked if it equals the word "shop" or if the shop is currently open. If the input is "shop" then string is returned back and the shop is opened via a variable called shopOpen, which is set to true. If the input is not "shop" then the string's length is turned into a double, which is then returned and added to the total hit amount. While the shopOpen boolean variable is true, the amount of hits is not displayed and is unchangable, as all inputs are now used to buy items. Inputting certain strings of letters will buy certain upgrades in the shop. For example, inputting "b" which will buy an upgrade that increases the amount gained from each string by 1. Upgrades are classed with Items, which have many different parameters, for the name, the value to be added or multiplied, whether the upgrade adds or multiplies, if the upgrade is automatic or happens on hit, and a few other parameters. Buying an item from the shop puts the upgrade into an array, called inventory. Once in the inventory, a function is run which classes the items into one of two other arrays, those being hitItems, and autoItems. Every time that a string is inputted while not in the shop, a check is run which checks what variables are in the array hitItems, and the values are added or multiplied to the total amount to be gained, depending on the parameters that were set.